Speech UI demo reconfigured to use Cognitive Services properly (#2132)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: samples/13.customization-speech-ui/README.md

This app is built with `create-react-app`.

### Incompatible with Safari

Currently, this sample does not work under Safari. Safari requires explicit user interaction to start recording on the microphone or playing audio clips. This is being investigated in [issue #995](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/995).

> - Speech-to-text: after the user click the microphone before, we fetch an authorization token, and then start recording on the microphone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Speech-to-text: after the user clicks the microphone, we fetch an authorization token and then start recording on the microphone
```

   - The network call to fetch the token "disconnect" the user interaction and recording, thus, Safari considered the recording do not have explicit grant from the user and denied access

> - Text-to-speech: the synthesized text is played when the bot send the message, without any user interactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Text-to-speech: the synthesized text is played when the bot sends the message, without any user interactions
```
